Release Akka HTTP 10.1.6 (#536)
akka/akka.github.com: blog/_posts/2018-12-19-akka-http-10.1.6-released.md

---
layout: post
title: Akka HTTP 10.1.6 Released
author: Johannes
short: We are happy to announce the 10.1.6 release of Akka HTTP
category: news
tags: [releases]
---

Dear hakkers,

We are happy to announce the 10.1.6 release of Akka HTTP. 10.1.6 is the seventh release in the 10.1.x series of Akka HTTP.
See the full list of changes below.
                                                          
## Migration Notes

>  * akka-http now requires to be run with Akka 2.5.19+.

Reviewer: Perhaps mention again that updating Akka should be smooth because we maintain binary compatibility, and link to Akka migration notes?

Author: Good point.

Author: Added a comment about painless Akka updates. Are there migration notes for Akka for inter-2.5 updates?

Reviewer: You're right it doesn't look like we do.

 * `RoutingSettings` were moved to `akka-http` from `akka-http-core` (where they logically belong). Make sure to depend

>    on `akka-http` when referencing this class (which is very likely because it couldn't be used otherwise).

Author: ```suggestion
    on `akka-http` when referencing this class (which your code will very likely already do because `RoutingSettings` cannot be used without the `akka-http` module).
```

 * `akka-stream-testkit` is now a only a provided dependency for `akka-http-testkit`, if you use `akka-http-testkit` also
   add a dependency to `akka-stream-testkit` into the mix

## Changes since 10.1.5

For a full overview you can also see the [10.1.6 milestone](https://github.com/akka/akka-http/milestone/44?closed=1):

### Improvements

#### akka-http-core

 * Move RoutingSettings to akka-http module ([#2307](https://github.com/akka/akka-http/issues/2307))
 * Use collision-resistant maps in header parsing ([#2276](https://github.com/akka/akka-http/issues/2276))

>  * Depend on Scala 2.12.8 to allow Java usage from JDK 11 ([#2305](https://github.com/akka/akka-http/issues/2305))

Reviewer: Perhaps this should be more prominent?

Author: Added a sentence to the top about that. (I felt we had a good set of incremental improvements but found it hard to single out any particular.)

---
layout: post
title: Akka HTTP 10.1.6 Released
author: Johannes
short: We are happy to announce the 10.1.6 release of Akka HTTP
category: news
tags: [releases]
---

Dear hakkers,

We are happy to announce the 10.1.6 release of Akka HTTP. 10.1.6 is the seventh release in the 10.1.x series of Akka HTTP.
See the full list of changes below. A main improvement is that 10.1.6 was built using Scala 2.12.8 which allows to use
Akka HTTP from Java with JDK 11.
                                                          
## Migration Notes

 * akka-http now requires to be run with Akka 2.5.19+ to support JDK 11 from Java (we maintain binary compatibility during the
   Akka 2.5.x series so the update should be painless).
 * `RoutingSettings` were moved to `akka-http` from `akka-http-core` (where they logically belong). Make sure to depend
   on `akka-http` when referencing this class (which your code will very likely already do because `RoutingSettings` cannot be used without the `akka-http` module).

>  * `akka-stream-testkit` is now a only a provided dependency for `akka-http-testkit`, if you use `akka-http-testkit` also

Author: ```suggestion
  * `akka-stream-testkit` is now a provided dependency for `akka-http-testkit`, if you use `akka-http-testkit` also
```
